Since the phenomenon of cloud computing was proposed, there is an unceasing interest for research across the globe. Cloud computing has been seen as unitary of the technology that poses the next-generation computing revolution and rapidly becomes the hottest topic in the field of IT. This fast move towards Cloud computing has fuelled concerns on a fundamental point for the success of information systems, communication, virtualization, data availability and integrity, public auditing, scientific application, and information security. Therefore, cloud computing research has attracted tremendous interest in recent years. In this paper, we aim to precise the current open challenges and issues of Cloud computing. We have discussed the paper in three-fold: first we discuss the cloud computing architecture and the numerous services it offered. Secondly, we highlight several security issues in cloud computing based on its service layer. Then we identify several open challenges from the Cloud computing adoption perspective and its future implications. Finally, we highlight the available platforms in the current era for cloud research and development.
Cloud computing provides a resource security service over the internet using the data center, under the risk of multiple attacks. Interoperability in cloud computing will share information from one to another cloud environment over the internet. Sharing information between users and servers can pose a risk of attacking the information. Interoperability deals with security and privacy, and it is a major development that is convenient for individual users as well as for enterprise-level. Private and public sectors frequently use cloud computing, and organizations and enterprises are transferring data into the cloud. However, there is a possibility that one user can operate another user's information present on the cloud, which raises security concerns. To address these issues, cloud providers provide a virtual machine for the user with a separate user ID and password to access the cloud. Cloud computing is popular in the business and public sectors and has a hedge method to provide suspension for existing attacks. In this report, we led an analysis of attacks in cloud computing and discussed a whole range of different approaches to these attacks.
Cloud computing exhibits remarkable potential to offer cost-effective and more flexible services on-demand to customers over the network. It dynamically increases the capabilities of organizations without training new people, investing in new infrastructure, or licensing new software. Cloud computing has grown dramatically in the last few years due to the scalability of resources and appears as a fast-growing segment of the IT industry. However, the dynamic and scalable nature of cloud computing creates security challenges in their management by examining policy failure or malicious activity. In this paper, we examine the detailed design of cloud computing architecture in which deployment models, service models, cloud components, and cloud security are explored. Furthermore, this study identifies the security challenges in cloud computing during the transfer of data into the cloud and provides a viable solution to address potential threats. The task of Trusted Third Party (TTP) is introduced to ensure sufficient security characteristics in cloud computing. The security solution using cryptography is specifically as the Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) that operates with Single-Sign-On (SSO) and Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), which ensure the integrity, confidentiality, availability, and authenticity involved in communications and data.